
w: diamond_drill_hole
w: DDH
hyper: noun.object:hole
g: a drill hole made using a drillhead that uses diamonds as the cutting agent.

w: waste_rock
hyper: noun.substance:rock
g: Rock within, around or above the ore body with insufficient
 concentrations of metal for economic recovery.

w: ultramafic
w: ultrabasic
hyper: noun.substance:rock
g: Ultramafic are igneous and meta-igneous rocks with a very low silica content.

w: tailing
w: tails
w: mine_dump
w: culm_dump
w: slime
w: slickens
w: leach_residue
w: refuse
hyper: noun.substance:waste
g: Residual sand or rock that remains after ore is crushed and gold has been extracted.

w: carbonate
hyper: noun.substance:rock
g: Carbonate minerals are those minerals containing the carbonate ion.

w: granodiorite
hyper: noun.substance:igneous_rock
g: Granodiorite is a phaneritic-textured intrusive igneous rock
 similar to granite, but containing more plagioclase feldspar than
 orthoclase feldspar.

; geological formation or intrusion?
; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheet_intrusion : intrusion can be dike or sill
w: dike
w: dyke
hyper: noun.object:intrusion
g: in geological usage, is a sheet of rock that formed in a fracture in a pre-existing rock body.

w: facies
hyper: noun.object:geological_formation
g: In geology, a facies is a body of rock with specified characteristics.

w: fan
hyper: noun.object:geological_formation
g: A fan-shaped deposits of sediment caused by the flow of streams or glacial melt.

w: stromatolite
w: stromatoliths
w: stromatolites
hyper: noun.object:geological_formation
g: Layered bio-chemical accretionary structures formed in shallow
 water by the trapping, binding and cementation of sedimentary grains
 by microbial materials of microorganisms, especially cyanobacteria.

w: stock
hyper: noun.object:intrusion
g: In geology, a stock is a discordant igneous intrusion having a
 surface exposure of less than 40 sq mi (100 km2), differing from
 batholiths only in being smaller.

w: high_grade_zone
w: HGZ
hyper: noun.location:zone2
g: A zone of a mine with high concentration of minerals.


; Campbell-Red Lake are both deposit and mine 
w: Red_Lake
ihyper: noun.artifact:mine
g: The Red Lake mine is one of the largest gold mines in Canada and in the world.

w: Campbell
ihyper: noun.artifact:mine
g: The Campbell mine is a gold mines in Canada.

w: mineralization
hyper: noun.process:geological_process
g: In geology, mineralization is the deposition of economically
 important metals in the formation of ore bodies or "lodes" by various
 process.

w: diamond_drilling
hyper: noun.act:drilling
g: Diamond drilling is used in the mining industry to probe the
 contents of known ore deposits and potential sites.

w: g/t
w: gpt
hyper: noun.relation:ratio
g: a measure of gram per ton.

w: bopd
w: barrels_of_oil_per_day
hyper: noun.quantity:liquid_unit
g: A common unit of measurement for the daily volume of crude oil produced by a well or from a field.

w: opt
hyper: noun.relation:ratio
g: a measure of ore per ton.

w: megaannum
w: Ma
hyper: noun.time:time_period
pm: noun.time:millennium2
hp: giga_annum
g: One million years.

w: giga_annum
w: Ga
hyper: noun.time:time_period
g: a unit of time equal to one billion years.

w: anhydrite
hyper: mineral
g: a anhydrous calcium sulfate mineral

w: arenite
hyper: sedimentary_rock
g: a sedimentary clastic rock with sand grain size between 0.0625 mm and 2 mm

w: argilite
hyper: sedimentary_rock
g: a fine-grained sedimentary rock composed predominantly of indurated
 clay particles

w: arkose
hyper: sedimentary_rock
g: a detrital sedimentary rock, specifically a type of sandstone
 containing at least 25% feldspar

w: coquina
hyper: sedimentary_rock
g: a sedimentary rock that is composed either wholly or almost
 entirely of the transported, abraded, and mechanically-sorted
 fragments of the shells of molluscs, trilobites, brachiopods, or other
 invertebrates

